Enhanced documentation in time series section with feedback from support (#2967)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/standard-tenant/enhanced-time-series-support-bundle/migration-process-description.md

After the data is processed, verified and migrated to the new collection the status of the migration changes to **Verified** and the **Approve and finish migration** button is visible in the **Ongoing migration** section and in the tenant list on hovering over the tenant row. Click **Approve and finish migration** to confirm the process.
5. A confirmation pop-up shows up providing the following information:
* The new format for time series measurements, which is used after confirming the data migration process.
* That after seven days the legacy collection is removed. 
Click **Confirm**. This will change the status of the migration to **Approved**.
  {{< c8y-admon-important >}}

>   The action of approval is irreversible! Once the migration is confirmed and the status changes to **Approved** it is no longer possible to switch back to the legacy data format without data loss in case of an issue with the new data format. Enhanced time series support feature is fully enabled with all implications mentioned above. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The approval is irreversible. Once the migration has been confirmed and the status changes to **Approved** it is no longer possible to switch back to the legacy data format without data loss in case of an issue with the new data format. The enhanced time series support feature is fully enabled with all implications mentioned above. 
```
